The police are coming down the block, let's leave.
Watch out for the police around the corner.
That guy tried to kill me last night.
They tagged murder on the wall after the hit.
He's a real gang member from the east side.
We have problems with those guys from uptown.
They tried to shoot him at the corner store.
He threatened to shoot anyone who snitched.
That guy's a fake gang member, he isn't really about it.
Come to my house later.
I'm just trying to make money.
He keeps a .22 caliber gun in his waistband.
I just need ten dollars worth of marijuana real quick.
Word is he's snitching to the cops.
He's thinking about leaving the gang and going straight.
I need to re-up on an eighth-ounce of cocaine.
Pass that marijuana this way.
Somebody stole my phone at the party.
The police are watching the spot.
I'm carrying a gun tonight.
He's a drug dealer moving weight across the city.
That's my friend from way back.
That's a stolen car, ditch it before the cops see.
He's a real hustler, always got something going.
He got robbed for his chain last night.
He just got out of prison after five years.
He got initiated into the gang last week, took a beating.
Send me a letter when you get to C block.
Let's seek them out tonight.
He's tweaking on that PCP.
What's up crazy?
We going on a violent act tonight.
They came through with gang members in large numbers.
His girl is the one who smuggles drugs bringing stuff in on visits.
I keep my 9 mm gun on me at all times.
That snitch is someone to be seriously beaten or murdered tonight.
You know I'm always carrying a gun.
Make sure you bring your gun.
He's Bloods through and through.
My cousin got arrested last night.
He's been doing shootings for the gang.
We about to seek them out tonight.
He's smoking crystallized cocaine all day.
What gang are you claiming?
He's on that marijuana dipped in embalming fluid, acting crazy.
He's the person in charge for this block.
He's out here selling cocaine to make rent.
Crips call Bloods 'slobs' as disrespect.
He's an informer working with the cops.
He overdosed on a combination of heroin and cocaine.
They were displaying hand signals when I walked by.
Stay armed with a gun or get killed.
Let's fight right now.
Keep that gun on you.
That's breaking a gang rule, he gonna get checked.
They killed him last Tuesday.
He rolled up asking 'are you a member of a gang?'
He moving that cocaine cross town.
Get on the telephone and call him.
He pulled out his gun.
He did ten years in jail.
He bought a little folded-up piece of paper of heroin on the corner.
The boss wants us to kill that guy.
Get in the car, we gotta leave.
The contract is to kill the DA.
The cops slapped the handcuffs on him.
The cops are tailing us.
The boss ordered a kill on the informant.
Things got hot and we had to fire a gun.
Here comes the money man ready to spend.
How much money you got on you?
He spent the night in jail.
He's been in jail for two months.
Keep talking and you'll end up in a coffin.
The witness got killed before trial.
He tried to swindle me on the deal.
He pulled a knife during the fight.
Send in the guys with machine guns.
That place is a night-club where the prices are high, don't go there.
They threw him in jail overnight.
The policemen are on our tail.
The mob wants to kill him.
Get the doctor, he's been shot.
Three cons escaped last night.
Some detective has been following me.
There's a pickpocket working the subway.
He's dealing drugs on the corner.
He's turned into a drug addict.
How much money we talking?
They shot him full of holes.
The boss sent his best hired killers.
Meet me at the speakeasy on Fifth.
They knocked him out in the alley.
Lend me a five dollar bill until Friday.
He identified the guy who robbed him.
We took the getaway in an old Ford automobile.
I'll shoot anyone who gets in my way.
Keep your gun handy.
We need more money for this operation.
Pour me some of that liquor.
He owns three bars in Brooklyn.
Somebody stole my wallet.
That thief stole my watch.
Send some thugs to shake him down.
He's all on dope, high.
The job pays five thousand dollars.
He's a con man running cons downtown.
Some detective has been asking questions.
Grab a taxi and meet me there.
Let's grab a bite at the cheap restaurant.
The boss sent his killers.
Better pack a gun on this job.
Pass me that liquor.
He's been in jail twice this year.
He's addicted to drugs.
He's nothing but a drug addict now.
Get on the telephone and call him.
She's wearing some serious diamonds.
He's been in jail for five years.
Nice car you got there.
Pour me a cup of coffee.
You owe me the interest on that loan.
Grab the suitcase and let's go.
The boss wants us to kill him.
He ran away before the cops arrived.
Watch out, he's a guy with a gun.
How much money you need?
Call the ambulance, he's bleeding out.
Let's leave out of here.
He brought his girlfriend to the meeting.
Get me my lawyer.
They put the handcuffs on him.
He's been snorting cocaine all night.
He's a private detective working the case.
There's a detective asking questions about you.
He's doing ten years in jail.
We need a good safecracker for this job.
He caught a bullet in the chest.
He got arrested last night.
They started shooting bullets everywhere.
These bills are counterfeit.
He's beating the murder charge.
He informed to the cops.
We're hopping the train to Chicago.
He's smoking marijuana cigarettes in the back.
I need some money fast.
Keep your gun ready.
Better bring your gun.
It's gonna be a death.
What a dumb guy, he fell for it.
Lend me ten dollars.
You got any money on you?
He's the best forger in town.
Let's leave before the cops come.
Some detective has been following me.
He pulled a knife on me.
I owe the loanshark ten thousand dollars.
There's a detective nosing around.
He took three bullets to the chest.
They kidnapped the kid for ransom.
He's turned into a cocaine addict.
It's gonna be cracking a safe using nitroglycerine.
They started shooting bullets at us.
He's gonna be hanged at dawn.
There's a corpse in the alley.
He's an informer for the cops.
Let's leave before trouble starts.
They're smoking marijuana in the back room.
They started shooting bullets at us.
The boss sent his gunmen.
He's the guy who does the shooting for the mob.
The interest is killing me.
Make sure you carry a gun on this job.
Keep talking and you'll end up in a coffin.
We need a safecracker for this job.
He got killed last night.
He's straight from Jamaica.
The police gave him an arrest last night.
Load up the bullets.
The police are coming, scatter.
Everything is okay, man.
Keep the gun ready.
Pass me the gun.
Bring the gun.
They came with the shotgun.
Make sure we got enough guns and bullets.
Pass the marijuana.
Roll up some marijuana.
We need some marijuana.
Police approaching! Police approaching! Let's go.
Chase those straights out of town.
The police are oppressing us.
You offensive term!
Offensive term! Get out of here.
His braids are long.
Praise God.
Roll up a joint.
He's the boss of the posse.
He's a high ranking member in the organization.
He's a major drug smuggler moving tons.
They found him dismembered in the alley.
The vendors bring stuff from Jamaica.
He's a known drug dealer.
That policeman with excessive desire is on the take.
He's a crack smoker, stays high.
He's selling crack vials on the corner.
Need a crack stem attachment for this stem.
He's searching on the floor for crumbs of crack again.
He's smoking heroin and crack together.
He's looking for crack right now.
That was a good hit of crack.
Pass me the cylinder used to smoke crack.
Those heavy crack smokers will do anything for a hit.
We open twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
This is my neighborhood.
Hey! What's up man?
Hey man!
That's my brother.
My neighborhood rules!
Watch out! The cops are coming.
Yes man.
Okay man!
Pass the marijuana.
That's good.
The cops are tailing us, we need to leave.
He's been in jail for two months now.
They threw him in jail overnight.
The policemen are on our tail.
Some detective has been following me around.
There's a pickpocket working the subway station.
He's dealing drugs on the corner every night.
He's turned into a drug addict, can't trust him.
How much money we talking about here?
They shot him full of holes in the alley.
The boss sent his best hired killers to handle it.
Meet me at the speakeasy on Fifth Street.
They knocked him out in the alley last night.
Lend me a five dollar bill until Friday, I'll pay you back.
He identified the guy who robbed the store.
We took the getaway in an old Ford automobile.
I'll shoot anyone who gets in my way.
Keep your gun handy at all times.
We need more money for this operation to work.
Pour me some of that liquor.
He owns three bars in Brooklyn.
Somebody stole my wallet at the party.
That thief stole my watch right off my wrist.
Send some thugs to shake him down.
He's all on dope, high, acting strange.
The job pays five thousand dollars if we pull it off.
He's a con man running cons downtown.
Some detective has been asking questions about you.
Grab a taxi and meet me at the corner.
Let's grab a bite at the cheap restaurant.
The boss sent his killers to take care of it.
Better pack a gun on this job.
Pass me that liquor, I need a drink.
He's been in jail twice this year.
He's addicted to drugs, can't function without it.
He's nothing but a drug addict now.
Get on the telephone and call him right away.
She's wearing some serious diamonds on her finger.
He's been in jail for five years now.
Nice car you got there, where'd you get it?
Pour me a cup of coffee, I'm exhausted.
You owe me the interest on that loan we made.
Grab the suitcase and let's get out of here.
The boss wants us to kill him tonight.
He ran away before the cops arrived.
Watch out, he's a guy with a gun.
How much money you need for this deal?
Call the ambulance, he's bleeding out bad.
Let's leave out of here fast.
He brought his girlfriend to the meeting last night.
Get me my lawyer, I need legal help.
They put the handcuffs on him when they caught him.
He's been snorting cocaine all night long.
He's a private detective working the case for the DA.
There's a detective asking questions about you downtown.
He's doing ten years in jail for armed robbery.
We need a good safecracker for this safe job.
He caught a bullet in the chest during the shootout.
He got arrested last night for possession.
They started shooting bullets everywhere in the fight.
These bills are counterfeit, don't use them.
He's beating the murder charge with a good lawyer.
He informed to the cops about the whole operation.
We're hopping the train to Chicago tonight.
He's smoking marijuana cigarettes in the back room.
I need some money fast to pay off the debt.
Keep your gun ready in case things go bad.
Better bring your gun to this meeting.
It's gonna be a death if he doesn't cooperate.
What a dumb guy, he fell for the oldest trick in the book.
Lend me ten dollars until payday.
You got any money on you right now?
He's the best forger in town, makes perfect documents.
Let's leave before the cops come looking for us.
Some detective has been following me all week.
He pulled a knife on me during the argument.
I owe the loanshark ten thousand dollars and the interest is killing me.
There's a detective nosing around asking questions.
He took three bullets to the chest and died instantly.
They kidnapped the kid for ransom money.
He's turned into a cocaine addict, always looking for coke.
It's gonna be cracking a safe using nitroglycerine on that bank vault.
They started shooting bullets at us from the car.
He's gonna be hanged at dawn for the murders.
There's a corpse in the alley behind the bar.
He's an informer for the cops, don't trust him.
Let's leave before trouble starts.
They're smoking marijuana in the back room again.
They started shooting bullets at us from across the street.
The boss sent his gunmen to handle the problem.
He's the guy who does the shooting for the mob, very dangerous.
The interest is killing me, I can't keep up with payments.
Make sure you carry a gun on this job tonight.
Keep talking and you'll end up in a coffin.
We need a safecracker for this job, someone who can crack safes.
He got killed last night in a drive-by shooting.

He's an aggressive homosexual in the yard
They caught him with drugs hidden in his anus
She's wearing a Disciples identifier tattoo
The girlfriend is coming to visit
He's free-basing cocaine all day
They gave him disciplinary action
He's a real gangster from the neighborhood
She's my girlfriend
He's stealing at the store
They're going to war tonight
He's my best friend
She's a cocaine prostitute now
He's selling drugs these days
They arrested him last night
He's an offender who never showers
She's got huge gold hoop earrings
He's a prospective member for the club
They held court on him
He's a snitch, don't trust him
She's a prostitute working the corner
He's weak, won't fight
They're out of prison now
He's a fugitive from justice
She's a transvestite in prison
He's a psychiatrist, see him
They're in segregation
He's a high ranking member in the posse
She's a female who trades sex for crack
He's an informer working with cops
They're running that unit
He's a woodsman from the hills
She's a good hit of crack, hears bells
He's my best friend, got my back
They're at the Connally unit tonight
He's using an apparatus to hold a roach
She operates a place where crack is sold
He's always transferring
They're a notorious Crip set
He's associated with death, dangerous
She's pure spiritual music
He's a Blood street gang member
They're at a location for selling drugs
He's a true gangster from way back
She's referring to a woman's pubic hair and vagina
He's an undercover police officer
They're collecting drug profits for bond money
He's new to the situation trying to be the best
She's an ugly girl
He's a person who carries drugs for the group
They're conducting business
He's a movie watcher
She's a gangster's girlfriend
He's EME from the east
They're doing a quick tag with no artwork
He's a proper, nice looking guy
She's wearing a bandana folded neatly
He's a Minister of Defense in the organization
They're selling dope on the street
A hit has been made on him
She's got information
He's leadership from the unit
They're lions, dangerous
He's Texas Syndicate from the set
She's Texas Syndicate, connected
He's a Legal Action Team working cases
They're interested in membership
He's play now, pay later
She's being schooled on the rules
He's a sponsor for the group
They're having sexual intercourse tonight
He's a jailbird of long standing
She's a pistol or gun
He's kill a slob when I see a slob
They're relaxing on the block
He's on the hit list
She's using crumbs of cocaine
He has rank within the group
They're following the group's rules
He's got drugs hidden in his anus
She's always on Japanese People Time
He's police, be careful
They're having a meeting
He's in the recreation yard
She's been initiated into the gang
He's an aggressive homosexual
They're following him closely
He's got a lot of money or riches
She's referring to a woman's buttocks
He's an eye, watching
They're from the housing projects
He's leaving in a hurry
She's from the Hightower unit
He's an Aryan Brotherhood of Texas member
They're Aryan Circle members
He's intelligence
She's a marijuana smoker
He's an everything is okay man
They're in the car
He's got information
She's got a problem
He's got an issue
They're in the house
He's got heroin
She's Hermanos Pistoleros Latinos
He's got unwanted attention
They're in segregation
He's a gangster
She's driving a stolen car
He's a Black Gangster Disciple
They're gangsta funk
He's dressed up
She's dressed to kill
He's a patriot who rejects state jurisdiction
They're out of prison
He's a biker who shares values but isn't formally in a club
She's a good-looking girl
He's been set up with false evidence
They're pretending to be what they're not
He's a Cuban trained guerilla
She's a person of Puerto Rican descent
He's a newly arrived prisoner
They're good looking with clean graffiti
He's an Aryan Circle member
She's got a .45 caliber gun
He's got a .44 caliber gun
They're from the four larger cities
He's any person that is not a member
She's from the Fort Worth area
He's a Black Gangster Disciple
They're People's Nation with pitchfork down
He's Folks Nation with pitchfork up
She's Hermanos Pistoleros Latinos
He's Barrio Azteca
They're Texas Syndicate
He's drinking a 40 oz bottle of malt liquor
She's from 42nd Street Manhattan
He's a white supremacist with the phrase
They're citizens through the amendment
He's HPL 45's
She's from one of the four larger Texas cities
He's got a .45 caliber gun
They're at the cardinal points
He's got the number four
She's from the Fort Worth area
He's on probation
They're Fort Worth Tango members
He's from Fort Worth
She's not a member of the group
He's got information
They're on the police force
He's got power
She's got strength
He's got ability
They're on the form
He's got a document
She's got paper
He's got a file
They're on the file
He's got a record
She's got information
He's got data
They're on the data
He's got info
She's got details
He's got facts
They're on the facts
He's got truth
She's got reality
He's got evidence
They're on the evidence
He's got proof
She's got support
He's got confirmation
They're on the confirmation
He's got verification
She's got validation
He's got approval
They're on the approval
He's got consent
She's got agreement
He's got permission
They're on the permission
He's got authorization
She's got clearance
He's got license
They're on the license
He's got permit
She's got certificate
He's got document
They're on the document
He's got paper
She's got file
He's got record
He's Aryan Atheist Soviet Communism
He's Aryan Circle Education Department.
He's Administrative Chairman of Staff
He's Aryan Circle Release Orientation
He's Aryan Circle Task Force.
He's Angels Forever, Forever Angels
He's Angels Forever, Forever Loaded
He's American Motorcycle Association.  It is composed of average people who like
He's All Points Bulletin.
He's Fake or Imitation
He's A Disciplinary Report
He's Atlanta, GA.
He's Aryan Atheist National Socialists
He's Aryan Atheist Soviet Communist
He's Denotes Members in the Aryan Brotherhood;
He's A Cuban religion that combines African idol worship and spiritualism; some
He's Represents the “Asian Bad Boys” gang.
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas
He's Denotes the Abilene area
He's Aryan Brotherhood;  …..Denotes the
He's Honest and Truthful
He's Represents the “Asian Boyz” gang.
He's Represents the “Asian Boyz” gang.
He's Denotes members of the Aryan Circle;
He's Anti-Christ/Devil’s Children; a lightning bolt may be used between the AC and
He's All Cops Are Bastards
He's When an offender is convicted of a crime, they sometimes refer to their sentences
He's Aryan Circle Legal Action Team.
He's 12th Street Hoover Crips sign.
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas;  (Aryan
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's Best Friend; backup; close associate
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle.
He's Sacrifice of self comforts, finances and personal effects for the “Cause”
He's Spanish for the letter H; sometimes refers to heroin
He's Aryan Circle Release Orientation
He's Administrative Detention; special housing away from the general population for
He's Administrative Segregation; Disciplinary housing
He's Discipline; Manners
He's “Amor De Family”
He's All Day I Destroy A Slob
He's Denotes the Coffield Unit
He's Angels Forever, Forever Angels
He's Gang associate; may wear the colors, exhibit tattoos and other
He's Angels Forever, Forever Loaded
He's Means Betrayal
He's Friend of Kings
He's Denotes the Coffield Unit;
He's A hairstyle.
He's Aryan Greeting’s
He's A Yoruba deity synthesized as  St.
He's An agricultural tool used in the field work commonly called a hoe.
He's Offenders often use the word aggravated to mean mad and possibly to
He's Green Light
He's Denotes the Eagle Pass, TXa area.
He's Mad; furious
He's Prayer Beads
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle itself
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle.
He's Bible study guide available to prisoners. (See: America Institute of
He's AK-47 Assault Rifle
He's Used to denote Latin King members.
He's Semi-Automatic Weapon.
He's A black egg which represents the fifth element spirit.
He's A Klansman I Am or A Kinsman I Am.
He's Adjustment Center
He's Aryan Brotherhood of Texas
He's The lonely spirit said to be Eleggua’s mother
He's False Alarm
He's Blessing; also one of Chango’s titles
He's Aryan Brotherhood
He's “Almighty Latin Charter Nation”
He's Denote the Aryan Circle itself.
He's Older term for Aryan Brotherhood
He's Term used to denote members of the Aryan Brotherhood
He's Derisive term for the Barrio Azteca.
He's French beverage made from passion fruit and cognac.
He's Almighty Latin Kings Nation
He's Almighty Latin Kings Queens Nation
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle.
He's In possession of all good qualities
He's Describes an erroneous idea or person, as in “He’s All Wet!”
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's A raised structure on which sacrifices or incense is burned to a deity; The table
He's European Americans
He's Denotes the Bill Clemens unit in Amarillo, TX.
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's EMI slang term for the Mexican Mafia
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's Aryan Brotherhood of Texas
He's Latin King Tattoo .  {Translation: LOVE}
He's Denotes the
He's Denotes the Aryan Brother of Texas.
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's Aryan Nations, Church of Jesus Christ Christian.
He's Used to denote the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's Used to denote the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's Ammonium nitrate and fuel oil explosive mixture.
He's PCP in crystal form
He's Harley-Davidson motorcycle manual; frequently used for their private
He's Denotes the Central Region of their command structure.
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's Number Two Brother.
He's Denotes Blacks
He's A belief that a spirit or force is residing in every animate or inanimate object.
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's The Egyptian “Cross of Life” which represents the union of  male and female and
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood
He's American Nazi Party
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle.
He's Asian Pride  .
He's Used to denote the Barrio Azteca.
He's War with the Nuestra Familia.
He's A silver crescent which represents water.
He's Derogatory term for a black male
He's High-rise handlebars on motorcycle; derived from the fact that bikers
He's A term for nonsense; Lies
He's Backing/Support
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle.
He's Green Light  (Trans: Avacado: Green in color fruit that can signify a
He's Denotes the Wynne Unit.
He's AR-15 assault rifle
He's Denotes the Aryan Reich
He's Chicago rules and regulations
He's The universal symbols that speak in the language of the sub-conscious.
He's Isolation; solitary confinement
He's Denotes the Laredo, TX area.
He's Denotes the Texas Syndicate.
He's Used to denote Aryan Brotherhood of Texas Members.
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's Crescent moon; also known as Cybele
He's Constitution
He's A terrorist group; Armed Resistance Unit
He's A white prison gang
He's White Supremacist group; Religious order
He's Aryan Satanist of America.
He's Prayer Beads
He's Prayer Beads
He's Denotes the Amarillo, TX area.
He's The invisible “Other” world that is unseen from our material/temporal
He's The process of separating oneself from the physical body in a
He's Denotes the Houston, TX area.
He's Denotes the Barrio Azteca itself.
He's Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
He's A dagger or knife used in a ritual ceremony; a regular butcher knife can be
He's Used to denote the Mexican Mafia.
He's An area made up of California, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and a part
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's The Authorities
He's Open a file
He's Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle.
He's Denotes the Aryan Circle.
He's Note or Kite
He's Denotes the Ramsey II Unit.
He's Mad; furious; upset
He's Denotes the Beaumont TX, area
He's Denotes the Cultural and Pride of Hispanic groups.
He's Occupied Mexico, (California, New Mexico, Texas, Arizona,
He's Denotes the Crips.
He's One who break dances.
He's Denotes Berkeley, CA; …..Brownsville, TX.
He's Banditos Forever, Forever Brothers
They caught him with Aryan Atheist Soviet Communism in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Circle Education Department in his pocket
They caught him with Administrative Chairman of Staff in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Circle Release Orientation in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Circle Task Force in his pocket
They caught him with Angels Forever, Forever Angels in his pocket
They caught him with Angels Forever, Forever Loaded in his pocket
They caught him with American Motorcycle Association.  It is composed of average people who like in his pocket
He's Refers to the day of an inmates release from the organization
They caught him with Aryan Atheist National Socialists in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Atheist Soviet Communist in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes Members in the Aryan Brotherhood;   .....Represents in his pocket
They caught him with A Cuban religion that combines African idol worship and spiritualism; some in his pocket
They caught him with Represents the “Asian Bad Boys” gang in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Abilene area in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Brotherhood;  …..Denotes the in his pocket
He's To assault from the organization
They caught him with Represents the “Asian Boyz” gang in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes members of the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas in his pocket
They caught him with Represents the “Asian Boyz” gang in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes members of the Aryan Circle;  .....Acura Legend car in his pocket
They caught him with All Cops Are Bastards in his pocket
They caught him with When an offender is convicted of a crime, they sometimes refer to their sentences in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Circle Legal Action Team in his pocket
They caught him with Sacrifice of self comforts, finances and personal effects for the “Cause” in his pocket
They caught him with Spanish for the letter H; sometimes refers to heroin in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Circle Release Orientation in his pocket
They caught him with Discipline; Manners in his pocket
They caught him with “Amor De Family” in his pocket
They caught him with All Day I Destroy A Slob in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Coffield Unit in his pocket
They caught him with Angels Forever, Forever Angels in his pocket
They caught him with Angels Forever, Forever Loaded in his pocket
They caught him with ”F” pod:  .....Denotes the Coffield Unit in his pocket
He's A terrorist group from the organization
They caught him with Denotes the Coffield Unit;  .....”F” in his pocket
They caught him with A hairstyle in his pocket
They caught him with A Yoruba deity synthesized as  St in his pocket
They caught him with An agricultural tool used in the field work commonly called a hoe in his pocket
They caught him with Offenders often use the word aggravated to mean mad and possibly to in his pocket
They caught him with Critic:  .....An offender who manipulates other offenders into fights, in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Eagle Pass, TXa area in his pocket
They caught him with Mad; furious in his pocket
They caught him with Prayer Beads in his pocket
They caught him with Bible study guide available to prisoners. (See: America Institute of in his pocket
They caught him with AK-47 Assault Rifle in his pocket
They caught him with A black egg which represents the fifth element spirit in his pocket
They caught him with A Klansman I Am or A Kinsman I Am in his pocket
He's They beat him up; screwed him, fucked him from the organization
They caught him with Aryan Brotherhood of Texas in his pocket
They caught him with The lonely spirit said to be Eleggua’s mother in his pocket
They caught him with Blessing; also one of Chango’s titles in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Brotherhood in his pocket
They caught him with “Almighty Latin Charter Nation” in his pocket
They caught him with Older term for Aryan Brotherhood in his pocket
They caught him with Derisive term for the Barrio Azteca in his pocket
They caught him with French beverage made from passion fruit and cognac in his pocket
They caught him with Almighty Latin Kings Nation in his pocket
They caught him with Almighty Latin Kings Queens Nation in his pocket
He's A term used by the Disciples from the organization
He's A term used by the Vice Lords from the organization
They caught him with A raised structure on which sacrifices or incense is burned to a deity; The table in his pocket
They caught him with European Americans in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Bill Clemens unit in Amarillo, TX in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas in his pocket
They caught him with EMI slang term for the Mexican Mafia in his pocket
He's Nazi movement in the United States from the organization
They caught him with Latin King Tattoo .  {Translation: LOVE} in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Nations in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas in his pocket
They caught him with Ammonium nitrate and fuel oil explosive mixture in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Central Region of their command structure in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes Blacks in his pocket
They caught him with A belief that a spirit or force is residing in every animate or inanimate object in his pocket
They caught him with The Egyptian “Cross of Life” which represents the union of  male and female and in his pocket
They caught him with American Nazi Party in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Aryan Circle in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Aryan Circle in his pocket
They caught him with Asian Pride   in his pocket
They caught him with Used to denote the Barrio Azteca in his pocket
They caught him with A silver crescent which represents water in his pocket
They caught him with Derogatory term for a black male in his pocket
They caught him with High-rise handlebars on motorcycle; derived from the fact that bikers in his pocket
They caught him with A term for nonsense; Lies in his pocket
They caught him with Backing/Support in his pocket
They caught him with Green Light  (Trans: Avacado: Green in color fruit that can signify a in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Wynne Unit in his pocket
They caught him with AR-15 assault rifle in his pocket
They caught him with Chicago rules and regulations in his pocket
They caught him with The universal symbols that speak in the language of the sub-conscious in his pocket
They caught him with Isolation; solitary confinement in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Texas Syndicate in his pocket
He's A terrorist group from the organization
He's From the neighborhood from the organization
They caught him with Crescent moon; also known as Cybele in his pocket
He's The first governing document of the from the organization
They caught him with Constitution in his pocket
They caught him with A terrorist group; Armed Resistance Unit in his pocket
He's Possible new name for the Aryan Nations from the organization
They caught him with Possible name change of the group to the “Aryan Society” in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Satanist of America in his pocket
They caught him with Prayer Beads in his pocket
They caught him with Prayer Beads in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Amarillo, TX area in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Houston, TX area in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Barrio Azteca itself in his pocket
They caught him with Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms in his pocket
They caught him with A dagger or knife used in a ritual ceremony; a regular butcher knife can be in his pocket
They caught him with Used to denote the Mexican Mafia in his pocket
They caught him with An area made up of California, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and a part in his pocket
He's Goodbye; peace from the organization
They caught him with Note or Kite in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Ramsey II Unit in his pocket
They caught him with Mad; furious; upset in his pocket
He's Phrase to seek attention; compare check this out from the organization
They caught him with Denotes the Beaumont TX, area in his pocket
They caught him with Occupied Mexico, (California, New Mexico, Texas, Arizona, in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Crips in his pocket
They caught him with One who break dances in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes Berkeley, CA; …..Brownsville, TX in his pocket
They caught him with Banditos Forever, Forever Brothers in his pocket
They caught him with Brothers Forever, Forever Pagan in his pocket
They caught him with Term for a young gangster in his pocket
They caught him with Burn in Hell in his pocket
They caught him with Blood Stone Villain in his pocket
He's Can be used to denote that the heat is on them or that invisible ink has been from the organization
He's B Section, San Quentin from the organization
They caught him with Barrio Azteca in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Clements Unit in his pocket
They caught him with Usually a statue of a very old black man with white hair, eyebrows and in his pocket
They caught him with High Priest of Santeria in his pocket
They caught him with African God of poor and sick. similar to St. Lazarus; one of the most in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes members of the Texas Chicano Brotherhood: (Texas in his pocket
He's Mexican Mafia from the organization
He's Term for a young gangster from the organization
He's A child molester from the organization
He's Black Guerilla Family from the organization
They caught him with The outside world of Rasta’s world: The Power Structure; The Police in his pocket
He's Full colors tattooed on members back from the organization
They caught him with Learning about a person in his pocket
They caught him with Support or protection provided by other inmates in his pocket
They caught him with Young ladies hips in his pocket
They caught him with Founder of the Yoruba dynasty and the holy city of Ile Ife; looks like St in his pocket
He's No good: Member in bad Standing/possible future target from the organization
They caught him with A large quantity of drugs;  ….. A small package of narcotics in his pocket
He's To laugh real hard at something; to be caught or arrested by the Police; to have from the organization
He's To run away from someone or something from the organization
They caught him with Party; used to denote a fight, disturbance or gang war; may also be called a dance; in his pocket
He's Being talked about badly from the organization
They caught him with Hot or major disturbance or call to war in his pocket
They caught him with High Priest of Santeria in his pocket
They caught him with Undesirable outsider in his pocket
They caught him with Not worth anything in his pocket
They caught him with The traditional bonfire of the Sabbaths, still used in many pagan celebrations in his pocket
They caught him with Gang member making money  and who is good with the ladies; in his pocket
They caught him with Drug dealer who controls the bulk of the drug deals and profits; Crips refer to in his pocket
They caught him with Bloods Always Live Longer Years in his pocket
They caught him with A person who cannot dress; a loser. Short for Alabama, meaning a person from the in his pocket
He's A term for nonsense; lies from the organization
They caught him with Flag; gang colors in his pocket
He's Motorcycle gang from the organization
They caught him with An Archaic word for bad, evil or destructive in his pocket
They caught him with To fight, to kill;  …..To be involved in gang activity in his pocket
They caught him with Gang Member; someone associated with gangs and murder in his pocket
They caught him with Gang Activities; Fighting or violence in his pocket
He's Highway in Atlanta, GA where all the players go from the organization
They caught him with To magically send away or repel negative energies on entities from the person, in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes Hermanos Pistoleros Latinos members in his pocket
They caught him with A deity; a goat-headed god with angelic wings, the breasts of a female, in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Brotherhood of Texas in his pocket
He's Denotes Mexican Mafia activity from the organization
They caught him with Used to denote the group the Border Brothers in his pocket
They caught him with Reduction of an original sentence in his pocket
He's Vagina; cunt from the organization
They caught him with Denotes the Wynne unit in his pocket
They caught him with A term commonly used by offenders to mean that they fear a certain area, person in his pocket
They caught him with A gangs neighborhood or area in his pocket
He's Denotes San Antonio, TX from the organization
He's Girls who like loud music; dope fiend from the organization
He's Person hooked on cocaine from the organization
They caught him with Denotes the Mexican Mafia in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Ferguson Unit in his pocket
They caught him with Aryan Brotherhood of Texas in his pocket
They caught him with Trash  ; Some groups also use it to denote ex-members in his pocket
They caught him with Man; boy; guy; Chicanos refer to one another as Bato in his pocket
They caught him with Two crews compete in a tagging contest in his pocket
He's Movie theatre in the Bronx, NY from the organization
He's Soledad prison from the organization
They caught him with Refers to the group known as the “Black Disciples”, which are organized as part of the in his pocket
He's Member in good standing from the organization
They caught him with Wine; .....Means a meeting;  …..Sombra in his pocket
He's Means a meeting from the organization
He's Person hooked on cocaine; looking for drugs from the organization
They caught him with Expensive European car; BMW, a status symbol in his pocket
He's An opening in the cell doors of most segregation areas which is used to place from the organization
They caught him with Barbiturates in his pocket
He's A common initiation ritual where a recruit must fight a specified number of gang from the organization
He's Talking; Screaming; Shouting from the organization
They caught him with Denotes the PRM membership in his pocket
He's Bedford Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, NY, also called the “Stuv” from the organization
They caught him with Crime; infraction; problem the convict faces in prison; ).....Argument or in his pocket
He's Refers to the penis from the organization
They caught him with BMW vehicle in his pocket
They caught him with Bloods Eliminate Ericketts Roughly in his pocket
He's On the stand from the organization
They caught him with Denotes the Coffield unit in his pocket
They caught him with The most vicious of all demons; identified with death and evil; a demon of in his pocket
He's Give a false image from the organization
They caught him with Rung to begin and end rituals in his pocket
They caught him with Celtic pre-Christian Spring festival ;  major witch Sabbath; a fertility in his pocket
They caught him with A prostitute in his pocket
They caught him with Amphetamines in his pocket
They caught him with To get drunk and in partying mood; to have fun in his pocket
They caught him with A Mercedes-Benz in his pocket
They caught him with That which is attractive or pleasing  “It’s da Berries” in his pocket
They caught him with A police car in his pocket
They caught him with The witches broomstick, often used to sweep away negative energies from a space in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Beto Unit in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Beto Unit in his pocket
They caught him with Bikers Forever, Forever Bikers in his pocket
They caught him with Brothers Forever, Forever Pagan in his pocket
They caught him with Baby Gangster (is someone who has not yet shot someone, as opposed to an OG who in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Black Gangster Disciples   organized under in his pocket
They caught him with Lord God Divine Nation, or Black Gangster Disciple Nation in his pocket
They caught him with Denotes the Black Guerilla Family faction in his pocket
He's Denotes the Border Brothers from the organization
They caught him with Harley-Davidson repair manual; .....Rule Book; in his pocket
He's Area in the South and Midwest where fundamentalism flourishes from the organization
He's Investigation of a prospect for membership into the group from the organization
They caught him with Pistoleros Mexicanos Group (Composed of x-TDCJ in his pocket
He's El Jefe; The most important person; Boss; Big Shot from the organization
He's Denotes the Coffield Unit from the organization
He's Mandingo Warriors from the organization
He's Denotes the McConnell Unit from the organization
He's Denotes the Coffield Unit from the organization
He's Large numbers (usually pertaining to membership, or used to express something from the organization
They caught him with A group of American and European business and in his pocket
They caught him with To magically restrain something or someone in his pocket
They caught him with Miniature silicon chip encoded with information that many Patriots in his pocket
They caught him with A kilo of cocaine in his pocket
They caught him with Beer; drink, referring to alcohol in his pocket
