5-0 coming down the block, let's bounce.
Watch out for 5-0 around the corner.
That dude tried to 187 me last night.
They tagged 187 on the wall after the hit.
He's a real banger from the east side.
We got beef with them cats from uptown.
They tried to blast him at the corner store.
He threatened to bust a cap in anybody who snitched.
That dude's a buster, he ain't really about it.
Come through to my crib later.
I'm just trying to stack dead presidents.
He keeps a deuce deuce in his waistband.
I just need a dime bag real quick.
Word is he's dropping dimes to the cops.
He's thinking about dropping the flag and going straight.
I need to re-up on an eight ball.
Pass that ganja this way.
Somebody ganked my phone at the party.
The heat is watching the spot.
I'm packing heat tonight.
He's a high roller moving weight across the city.
That's my homeboy from way back.
That's a hot box, ditch it before the cops see.
He's a real hustler, always got something going.
He got jacked for his chain last night.
He just got out the joint after five years.
He got jumped in last week, took a beating.
Send me a kite when you get to C block.
Let's ride on them fools tonight.
He's tweaking on that liquid juice.
What's up loc?
We going on a mission tonight.
They came through mobbing deep.
His girl is the mule bringing stuff in on visits.
I keep my nine on me at all times.
That snitch is on the menu tonight.
You know I'm always packing.
Make sure you bring your piece.
He's Piru through and through.
My cousin got popped last night.
He's been putting in work for the set.
We about to ride on them tonight.
He's smoking rock all day.
What set you claiming?
He's on that sherm, acting crazy.
He's the shotcaller for this block.
He's out here slanging to make rent.
Crips call Bloods 'slobs' as disrespect.
He's a snitch working with the cops.
He OD'd on a speed ball.
They was stacking when I walked by.
Stay strapped or get clapped.
Let's throw down right now.
Keep that tool on you.
That's a violation, he gonna get checked.
They wacked him last Tuesday.
He rolled up asking 'where you from?'
He moving that yayo cross town.
Get on the ameche and call him.
He pulled out his bean-shooter.
He did ten years in the big house.
He bought a bindle on the corner.
The boss wants us to blow that guy down.
Get in the boiler, we gotta scram.
The contract is to bop the DA.
The cops slapped the bracelets on him.
The bulls are tailing us.
The boss ordered a bump on the informant.
Things got hot and we had to burn powder.
Here comes the butter and egg man ready to spend.
How much cabbage you got on you?
He spent the night in the caboose.
He's been in the can for two months.
Keep talking and you'll end up in a Chicago overcoat.
The witness got chilled off before trial.
He tried to chisel me on the deal.
He pulled a chiv during the fight.
Send in the chopper squad.
That place is a clip joint, don't go there.
They threw him in the cooler overnight.
The coppers are on our tail.
The mob wants to croak him.
Get the croaker, he's been shot.
Three cons crushed out last night.
Some dick has been following me.
There's a dip working the subway.
He's dealing dope on the corner.
He's turned into a dope fiend.
How much dough we talking?
They drilled him full of holes.
The boss sent his best droppers.
Meet me at the drum on Fifth.
They dry-gulched him in the alley.
Lend me a fin until Friday.
He fingered the guy who robbed him.
We took the getaway in an old flivver.
I'll fog anyone who gets in my way.
Keep your gat handy.
We need more geetus for this operation.
Pour me some of that giggle juice.
He owns three gin mills in Brooklyn.
Somebody glaumed my wallet.
That gonif stole my watch.
Send some goons to shake him down.
He's all gowed-up on opium.
The job pays five grand.
He's a grifter running cons downtown.
Some gum-shoe has been asking questions.
Grab a hack and meet me there.
Let's grab a bite at the hash house.
The boss sent his hatchetmen.
Better pack a heater on this job.
Pass me that hooch.
He's been in the hoosegow twice this year.
He's addicted to hop.
He's nothing but a hop-head now.
Get on the horn and call him.
She's wearing some serious ice.
He's been in stir for five years.
Nice iron you got there.
Pour me a cup of java.
You owe me the juice on that loan.
Grab the keister and let's go.
The boss wants us to knock him off.
He lammed off before the cops arrived.
Watch out, he's a loogan.
How much mazuma you need?
Call the meat wagon, he's bleeding out.
Let's take a mickey finn out of here.
He brought his moll to the meeting.
Get me my mouthpiece.
They put the nippers on him.
He's been snorting nose-candy all night.
He's a private op working the case.
There's a peeper asking questions about you.
He's doing ten years in the pen.
We need a good peterman for this job.
He caught a pill in the chest.
He took a pinch last night.
They started pumping metal everywhere.
These bills are queer.
He's beating the murder rap.
He ratted to the cops.
We're hopping the rattler to Chicago.
He's smoking reefers in the back.
I need some rhino fast.
Keep your rod ready.
Better bring your roscoe.
It's gonna be a rub-out.
What a sap, he fell for it.
Lend me a sawbuck.
You got any scratch on you?
He's the best scratcher in town.
Let's screw before the cops come.
Some shamus has been following me.
He pulled a shiv on me.
I owe the shylock ten grand.
There's a sleuth nosing around.
He took three slugs to the chest.
They snatched the kid for ransom.
He's turned into a snow-bird.
It's gonna be a soup job.
They started squirting metal at us.
He's gonna step off at dawn.
There's a stiff in the alley.
He's a stool-pigeon for the cops.
Let's take a powder before trouble starts.
They're smoking tea in the back room.
They started throwing lead at us.
The boss sent his torpedoes.
He's the trigger man for the mob.
The vig is killing me.
Make sure you wear iron on this job.
Keep talking and you'll end up in a wooden kimono.
We need a yegg for this job.
He got zotzed last night.
He's straight from yard.
The beasts gave him a bite last night.
Load up the teeth.
The beasts are coming, scatter.
Everything iric, man.
Keep the yeung ready.
Pass me the gong.
Bring the shooty.
They came with the machine.
Make sure we got enough rings.
Pass the ily.
Roll up some corn.
We need some food.
Fire! Fire! Let's go.
Chase those baldheads out of town.
Babylon is oppressing us.
You bloodclot!
Bumbaclot! Get out of here.
His dreadlocks are long.
Praise Jah.
Roll up a spliff.
He's the don of the posse.
He's a rankin in the organization.
He's a drug baron moving tons.
They found him johted in the alley.
The higglers bring stuff from yard.
He's a known druggler.
That licksy licksy policeman is on the take.
He's a beemer, stays high.
He's selling bottles on the corner.
Need a carburetor for this stem.
He's on carpet patrol again.
He's smoking cocoa puffs.
He's on a mission right now.
That was a ringer.
Pass me the stem.
Those thirst monsters will do anything for a hit.
We open 24/7.
This is my barrio.
Ese! What's up ese?
Hey vato!
That's my carnal.
Mi barrio rifa!
Trucha! The cops are coming.
Simon ese.
Orale vato!
Pass the mota.
That's firme.
The bulls are tailing us, we need to bounce.
He's been in the can for two months now.
They threw him in the cooler overnight.
The coppers are on our tail.
Some dick has been following me around.
There's a dip working the subway station.
He's dealing dope on the corner every night.
He's turned into a dope fiend, can't trust him.
How much dough we talking about here?
They drilled him full of holes in the alley.
The boss sent his best droppers to handle it.
Meet me at the drum on Fifth Street.
They dry-gulched him in the alley last night.
Lend me a fin until Friday, I'll pay you back.
He fingered the guy who robbed the store.
We took the getaway in an old flivver.
I'll fog anyone who gets in my way.
Keep your gat handy at all times.
We need more geetus for this operation to work.
Pour me some of that giggle juice.
He owns three gin mills in Brooklyn.
Somebody glaumed my wallet at the party.
That gonif stole my watch right off my wrist.
Send some goons to shake him down.
He's all gowed-up on opium, acting strange.
The job pays five grand if we pull it off.
He's a grifter running cons downtown.
Some gum-shoe has been asking questions about you.
Grab a hack and meet me at the corner.
Let's grab a bite at the hash house.
The boss sent his hatchetmen to take care of it.
Better pack a heater on this job.
Pass me that hooch, I need a drink.
He's been in the hoosegow twice this year.
He's addicted to hop, can't function without it.
He's nothing but a hop-head now.
Get on the horn and call him right away.
She's wearing some serious ice on her finger.
He's been in stir for five years now.
Nice iron you got there, where'd you get it?
Pour me a cup of java, I'm exhausted.
You owe me the juice on that loan we made.
Grab the keister and let's get out of here.
The boss wants us to knock him off tonight.
He lammed off before the cops arrived.
Watch out, he's a loogan with a gun.
How much mazuma you need for this deal?
Call the meat wagon, he's bleeding out bad.
Let's take a mickey finn out of here fast.
He brought his moll to the meeting last night.
Get me my mouthpiece, I need legal help.
They put the nippers on him when they caught him.
He's been snorting nose-candy all night long.
He's a private op working the case for the DA.
There's a peeper asking questions about you downtown.
He's doing ten years in the pen for armed robbery.
We need a good peterman for this safe job.
He caught a pill in the chest during the shootout.
He took a pinch last night for possession.
They started pumping metal everywhere in the fight.
These bills are queer, don't use them.
He's beating the murder rap with a good lawyer.
He ratted to the cops about the whole operation.
We're hopping the rattler to Chicago tonight.
He's smoking reefers in the back room.
I need some rhino fast to pay off the debt.
Keep your rod ready in case things go bad.
Better bring your roscoe to this meeting.
It's gonna be a rub-out if he doesn't cooperate.
What a sap, he fell for the oldest trick in the book.
Lend me a sawbuck until payday.
You got any scratch on you right now?
He's the best scratcher in town, makes perfect documents.
Let's screw before the cops come looking for us.
Some shamus has been following me all week.
He pulled a shiv on me during the argument.
I owe the shylock ten grand and the vig is killing me.
There's a sleuth nosing around asking questions.
He took three slugs to the chest and died instantly.
They snatched the kid for ransom money.
He's turned into a snow-bird, always looking for coke.
It's gonna be a soup job on that bank vault.
They started squirting metal at us from the car.
He's gonna step off at dawn for the murders.
There's a stiff in the alley behind the bar.
He's a stool-pigeon for the cops, don't trust him.
Let's take a powder before trouble starts.
They're smoking tea in the back room again.
They started throwing lead at us from across the street.
The boss sent his torpedoes to handle the problem.
He's the trigger man for the mob, very dangerous.
The vig is killing me, I can't keep up with payments.
Make sure you wear iron on this job tonight.
Keep talking and you'll end up in a wooden kimono.
We need a yegg for this job, someone who can crack safes.
He got zotzed last night in a drive-by shooting.

He's a jocker in the yard
They caught him with a keister stash
She's wearing a lady d's tattoo
The old lady is coming to visit
He's on the pipe all day
They put him on the carpet
He's a real g from the hood
She's my old lady
He's racking at the store
They're on tour tonight
He's a road dog of mine
She's a rock star now
He's rolling good these days
They rolled him up last night
He's a roach, never showers
She's got project gold
He's a prospect for the club
They put him on the hot seat
He's a punk, don't trust him
She's a puta working the corner
He's a pussy, won't fight
They're on the bricks now
He's on the lamb
She's a queen in the joint
He's a quack, see him
They're in quarantine
He's a rankin in the posse
She's a raspberry on the block
He's a rat working with cops
They're riding high on that unit
He's a ridge runner from the hills
She's a ringer, got bells
He's a road dog, got my back
They're rocking c tonight
He's a roach clip user
She's a rock house operator
He's a roller, always moving
They're rolling 60's deep
He's a romans guy, dangerous
She's a root, pure reggae
He's a rooster from the set
They're on the square
He's a real nigga from way back
She's a nappy dugout
He's a narc working undercover
They're on nation days
He's a new jack trying hard
She's a mud duck, ugly
He's a mule for the organization
They're on the move
He's a mono watcher
She's a moll for the gang
He's a mobster from the east
They're mobbing through the streets
He's a mobile guy, proper
She's a moco rag wearer
He's a mod in the organization
They're on the line
He's a lemon drop, hit made
She's a lengua, got information
He's a leon from the unit
They're leones, dangerous
He's a lero from the set
She's a letty, connected
He's a lat working cases
They're laterz, interested
He's a laughing face, crying face
She's a law library regular
He's a lawyer for the group
They're laying pipe tonight
He's a lag, long timer
She's a lady from bristol
He's a kswiss, kill slobs
They're kicking it on the block
He's a kicker, on the list
She's a kibbles and bits user
He's a key holder in the group
They're on the keys
He's a keister, got stash
She's a kd, always early
He's a jura, be careful
They're junta, having meeting
He's a jungle, rec yard
She's a jumped in member
He's a jock, aggressive
They're jocking him close
He's a jiggy, got money
She's a jiggable pie
He's a jicho, watching
They're jets, housing projects
He's jetting out of here
She's a jessica, from hightower
He's a jep, abt member
They're jerks, aryan circle
He's an ike, intelligence
She's an ily smoker
He's an iric man, everything good
They're in the iron, got car
He's an ivy, got information
She's an it, got problem
He's an is, got issue
They're in the house
He's an h, got heroin
She's an hpl, hermanos
He's an h, got heat
They're in the hole
He's a g, gangster
She's a g-ride driver
He's a g-man, disciple
They're g-funk, gangsta funk
He's a g-down, dressed up
She's a g-up, dressed to kill
He's a freeman, rejects jurisdiction
They're freeworld, out of prison
He's a free rider, biker
She's a freak, good looking
He's a frame, set up
They're on the front
He's a front liner, guerilla
She's a frog, puerto rican
He's a fresh fish, new arrival
They're fresh, good looking
He's a freon, aryan circle
She's a four five, got gun
He's a four four, got weapon
They're on the four horsemen
He's a foreigner, not member
She's a foritos, fort worth
He's a fork, disciple
They're forks down, people
He's a forks up, folks
She's a fourty five, hpl
He's a fourty one, azteca
They're fourty sevens, ts
He's a fourty dog drinker
She's a fourty deuce, times square
He's a fourteen words believer
They're on the fourteenth amendment
He's a four street apartment five
She's a four horsemen member
He's a four five shooter
They're on the four corners
He's a four, got number
She's a fort stockton, fort worth
He's a fortuna, on probation
They're foros, fort worth tango
He's a fore, fort worth
She's a foreigner, not in group
He's a fore, got information
They're on the force
He's a force, got power
She's a for, got strength
He's a for, got ability
They're on the form
He's a form, got document
She's a for, got paper
He's a for, got file
They're on the file
He's a file, got record
She's a file, got information
He's a file, got data
They're on the data
He's a data, got info
She's a data, got details
He's a data, got facts
They're on the facts
He's a fact, got truth
She's a fact, got reality
He's a fact, got evidence
They're on the evidence
He's an evidence, got proof
She's an evidence, got support
He's an evidence, got confirmation
They're on the confirmation
He's a confirmation, got verification
She's a confirmation, got validation
He's a confirmation, got approval
They're on the approval
He's an approval, got consent
She's an approval, got agreement
He's an approval, got permission
They're on the permission
He's a permission, got authorization
She's a permission, got clearance
He's a permission, got license
They're on the license
He's a license, got permit
She's a license, got certificate
He's a license, got document
They're on the document
He's a document, got paper
She's a document, got file
He's a document, got record
He's a a.a.s.p from the set
He's a a.c.e.d from the set
He's a a.c.o.s from the set
He's a a.c.r.o from the set
He's a a.c.t.f from the set
He's a a.f.f.a from the set
He's a a.f.f.l from the set
He's a a.m.a from the set
He's a a.p.b.’s from the set
He's a a buster from the organization
He's a a shot from the organization
He's a a town from the organization
He's a aans from the set
He's a aasc from the set
He's a ab from the set
He's a abaqua from the set
He's a abb from the set
He's a abejas from the set
He's a abbadon from the set
He's a abispas from the set
He's a above board from the organization
He's a abs from the set
He's a abz from the set
He's a ac from the set
He's a ac/dc from the set
He's a acab from the set
He's a accept from the set
He's a aclat from the set
He's a ace duce from the organization
He's a ace duece from the organization
He's a ace dueces from the organization
He's a ace kool from the organization
He's a ace trey from the organization
He's a acetism from the set
He's a ache from the set
He's a acro from the set
He's a ad det from the organization
He's a ad seg from the organization
He's a adabu from the set
He's a adf from the set
He's a adidas from the set
He's a adramalech from the set
He's a affa from the set
He's a affiliate member from the organization
He's a affl from the set
He's a africa; south from the organization
He's a african nation from the organization
He's a afrika from the set
He's a afro from the set
He's a ag’s from the set
He's a aganyu from the set
He's a aggie from the set
He's a aggravated from the set
He's a aguacate  puesta from the organization
He's a aguilon from the set
He's a aguitado from the set
He's a ah-sha-laum from the set
He's a air cons from the organization
He's a air control from the organization
He's a arizona cardinals from the organization
He's a ait from the set
He's a ak from the set
He's a aka’s from the set
He's a ak/usi from the set
He's a akasha from the set
He's a akia from the set
He's a al cola from the organization
He's a alabama from the set
He's a alabbgwanna from the set
He's a alambre  falso from the organization
He's a alafia from the set
He's a albert from the set
He's a alcn from the set
He's a alex carter from the organization
He's a alice from the set
He's a alice baker from the organization
He's a alicias from the set
He's a alize from the set
He's a alkn from the set
He's a alkqn from the set
He's a all club from the organization
He's a all that from the organization
He's a all wet from the organization
He's a almond brothers from the organization
He's a altar from the set
He's a aluminum from the set
He's a amarillo from the set
He's a amber from the set
He's a amelias from the set
He's a american bible from the organization
He's a american boys from the organization
He's a amor from the set
He's a amy from the set
He's a amy brown from the organization
He's a amy bush from the organization
He's a an/cjcc from the set
He's a anal babies from the organization
He's a anal bitches from the organization
He's a andy from the set
He's a anfo from the set
He's a angel dust from the organization
He's a angel’s bible from the organization
He's a angola from the set
He's a angry bitch from the organization
He's a anh hai from the organization
He's a animals from the set
He's a animism from the set
He's a anita baker from the organization
He's a ankh from the set
He's a ann bailey from the organization
He's a anna coleman from the organization
He's a annette brooks from the organization
He's a anp from the set
He's a anti-christ from the set
He's a anti-christians from the set
He's a ap from the set
He's a apache from the set
He's a apache trail from the organization
He's a apas from the set
He's a ape from the set
He's a ape-hangers from the set
He's a applesauce from the set
He's a appolo from the set
He's a april coleman from the organization
He's a aquacate from the set
He's a aquila from the set
He's a ar from the set
He's a ar’s from the set
He's a ar804 from the set
He's a archetypes from the set
He's a arctic from the set
He's a arete; el from the organization
He's a armadillo from the set
He's a army brats from the organization
He's a arragant bitches from the organization
He's a artemis from the set
He's a articles from the set
He's a aru from the set
He's a aryan brotherhood from the organization
He's a aryan nations from the organization
He's a asa from the set
He's a ashan from the set
He's a ashanti from the set
He's a astaroth from the set
He's a astral plane from the organization
He's a astral projection from the organization
He's a astroworld from the set
He's a atazlan from the set
He's a atf from the set
He's a athame from the set
He's a athletics from the set
He's a atlan from the set
He's a attic babies from the organization
He's a attorney general from the organization
He's a audit time from the organization
He's a aunt betty from the organization
He's a aunt cherry from the organization
He's a aunt cindy from the organization
He's a aunt clara from the organization
He's a avion from the set
He's a avispa from the set
He's a awetado from the set
He's a azazel from the set
He's a aztec warrior from the organization
He's a aztlan from the set
He's a azulejos from the set
He's a b-boy from the set
He's a b-town from the set
He's a b.f.f.b from the set
They caught him with a a.a.s.p in his pocket
They caught him with a a.c.e.d in his pocket
They caught him with a a.c.o.s in his pocket
They caught him with a a.c.r.o in his pocket
They caught him with a a.c.t.f in his pocket
They caught him with a a.f.f.a in his pocket
They caught him with a a.f.f.l in his pocket
They caught him with a a.m.a in his pocket
He's a a wake up from the organization
They caught him with a aans in his pocket
They caught him with a aasc in his pocket
They caught him with a ab in his pocket
They caught him with a abaqua in his pocket
They caught him with a abb in his pocket
They caught him with a abejas in his pocket
They caught him with a abbadon in his pocket
They caught him with a abispas in his pocket
He's a abrazo de felicitaciones from the organization
They caught him with a abs in his pocket
They caught him with a abt in his pocket
They caught him with a abz in his pocket
They caught him with a ac in his pocket
They caught him with a acab in his pocket
They caught him with a accept in his pocket
They caught him with a aclat in his pocket
They caught him with a acetism in his pocket
They caught him with a ache in his pocket
They caught him with a acro in his pocket
They caught him with a adabu in his pocket
They caught him with a adf in his pocket
They caught him with a adidas in his pocket
They caught him with a adramalech in his pocket
They caught him with a affa in his pocket
They caught him with a affl in his pocket
They caught him with a africa in his pocket
He's a african freedom fight from the organization
They caught him with a afrika in his pocket
They caught him with a afro in his pocket
They caught him with a aganyu in his pocket
They caught him with a aggie in his pocket
They caught him with a aggravated in his pocket
They caught him with a agitator in his pocket
They caught him with a aguilon in his pocket
They caught him with a aguitado in his pocket
They caught him with a ah-sha-laum in his pocket
They caught him with a ait in his pocket
They caught him with a ak in his pocket
They caught him with a akasha in his pocket
They caught him with a akia in his pocket
He's a al vato chingaro from the organization
They caught him with a alabama in his pocket
They caught him with a alabbgwanna in his pocket
They caught him with a alafia in his pocket
They caught him with a albert in his pocket
They caught him with a alcn in his pocket
They caught him with a alice in his pocket
They caught him with a alicias in his pocket
They caught him with a alize in his pocket
They caught him with a alkn in his pocket
They caught him with a alkqn in his pocket
He's a all is one from the organization
He's a all is well from the organization
They caught him with a altar in his pocket
They caught him with a aluminum in his pocket
They caught him with a amarillo in his pocket
They caught him with a amber in his pocket
They caught him with a amelias in his pocket
He's a american nazi party from the organization
They caught him with a amor in his pocket
They caught him with a an in his pocket
They caught him with a andy in his pocket
They caught him with a anfo in his pocket
They caught him with a angola in his pocket
They caught him with a animals in his pocket
They caught him with a animism in his pocket
They caught him with a ankh in his pocket
They caught him with a anp in his pocket
They caught him with a anti-christ in his pocket
They caught him with a anti-christians in his pocket
They caught him with a ap in his pocket
They caught him with a apache in his pocket
They caught him with a apas in his pocket
They caught him with a ape in his pocket
They caught him with a ape-hangers in his pocket
They caught him with a applesauce in his pocket
They caught him with a appolo in his pocket
They caught him with a aquacate in his pocket
They caught him with a aquila in his pocket
They caught him with a ar in his pocket
They caught him with a ar804 in his pocket
They caught him with a archetypes in his pocket
They caught him with a arctic in his pocket
They caught him with a armadillo in his pocket
He's a armed resistance unit from the organization
He's a around the way from the organization
They caught him with a artemis in his pocket
He's a article of confederation from the organization
They caught him with a articles in his pocket
They caught him with a aru in his pocket
He's a aryan national alliance from the organization
They caught him with a as in his pocket
They caught him with a asa in his pocket
They caught him with a ashan in his pocket
They caught him with a ashanti in his pocket
They caught him with a astaroth in his pocket
They caught him with a astroworld in his pocket
They caught him with a atazlan in his pocket
They caught him with a atf in his pocket
They caught him with a athame in his pocket
They caught him with a athletics in his pocket
They caught him with a atlan in his pocket
He's a audi 5000 g from the organization
They caught him with a avion in his pocket
They caught him with a avispa in his pocket
They caught him with a awetado in his pocket
He's a ay yo trip from the organization
They caught him with a azazel in his pocket
They caught him with a aztlan in his pocket
They caught him with a azulejos in his pocket
They caught him with a b-boy in his pocket
They caught him with a b-town in his pocket
They caught him with a b.f.f.b in his pocket
They caught him with a b.f.f.p in his pocket
They caught him with a b.g in his pocket
They caught him with a b.i.h in his pocket
They caught him with a b.s.v in his pocket
He's a b-b que from the organization
He's a b street from the organization
They caught him with a ba in his pocket
They caught him with a baalam in his pocket
They caught him with a babalawo in his pocket
They caught him with a babalowos in his pocket
They caught him with a babalu-aye in his pocket
They caught him with a baby in his pocket
He's a baby doll from the organization
He's a baby g from the organization
He's a baby raper from the organization
He's a baby sons from the organization
They caught him with a babylon in his pocket
He's a back pack from the organization
They caught him with a background in his pocket
They caught him with a backing in his pocket
They caught him with a backs in his pocket
They caught him with a bacoso in his pocket
He's a bad apple from the organization
They caught him with a bag in his pocket
He's a bag up from the organization
He's a bail out from the organization
They caught him with a baile in his pocket
He's a bailed on from the organization
They caught him with a bailongo in his pocket
They caught him with a balalowos in his pocket
They caught him with a baldhead in his pocket
They caught him with a bale in his pocket
They caught him with a balefire in his pocket
They caught him with a baller in his pocket
They caught him with a ballers in his pocket
They caught him with a bally in his pocket
They caught him with a bama in his pocket
He's a banana oil from the organization
They caught him with a bandera in his pocket
He's a bandito nation from the organization
They caught him with a bane in his pocket
They caught him with a bang in his pocket
They caught him with a banger in his pocket
They caught him with a banging in his pocket
He's a bankhead hwy from the organization
They caught him with a banish in his pocket
They caught him with a banqueros in his pocket
They caught him with a baphomet in his pocket
They caught him with a baptist in his pocket
He's a barber shop from the organization
They caught him with a barbies in his pocket
They caught him with a bargain in his pocket
He's a barkley hunt from the organization
They caught him with a barranquila in his pocket
They caught him with a barred in his pocket
They caught him with a barrio in his pocket
He's a barrio primero from the organization
He's a base freak from the organization
He's a base head from the organization
They caught him with a bass in his pocket
They caught him with a bast in his pocket
They caught him with a bastards in his pocket
They caught him with a basura in his pocket
They caught him with a bato in his pocket
They caught him with a battle in his pocket
He's a bay plaza from the organization
He's a baylor state from the organization
They caught him with a bd in his pocket
He's a be down from the organization
They caught him with a beach in his pocket
He's a beach party from the organization
He's a beam me up from the organization
They caught him with a beamer in his pocket
He's a bean slot from the organization
They caught him with a beans in his pocket
He's a beat in from the organization
He's a beating the gums from the organization
They caught him with a bebedores in his pocket
He's a bed stuy from the organization
They caught him with a beef in his pocket
He's a beef steak from the organization
They caught him with a beemer in his pocket
They caught him with a beer in his pocket
He's a before the bar from the organization
They caught him with a beirut in his pocket
They caught him with a belial in his pocket
He's a belittle yourself from the organization
They caught him with a bell in his pocket
They caught him with a beltane in his pocket
They caught him with a bend in his pocket
They caught him with a bennies in his pocket
They caught him with a bent in his pocket
They caught him with a benzo in his pocket
They caught him with a berries in his pocket
They caught him with a berry in his pocket
They caught him with a besom in his pocket
They caught him with a betillo in his pocket
They caught him with a betito in his pocket
They caught him with a bffb in his pocket
They caught him with a bffp in his pocket
They caught him with a bg in his pocket
They caught him with a bgd in his pocket
They caught him with a bgdn in his pocket
They caught him with a bgf in his pocket
He's a bibi gayton from the organization
They caught him with a bible in his pocket
He's a bible belt from the organization
He's a bible studies from the organization
They caught him with a bicycle in his pocket
He's a big cheese from the organization
He's a big house from the organization
He's a big lips from the organization
He's a big mac from the organization
He's a big ranch from the organization
He's a big time from the organization
They caught him with a bilderbergers in his pocket
They caught him with a bind in his pocket
They caught him with a biochip in his pocket
They caught him with a bird in his pocket
They caught him with a birria in his pocket
